## Drastic changes had been put off too long
### TL;DR....
Careful hardware choices yield large simplifications of software. Benefits will continue to accrue.

    make DEBUG=1
    text      data     bss     dec
    287284    2728   43152  333164   Former baseline. (hardware r0's memory and bus structure)
    280788    2936   19056  302780   This PR. (r1's memory and bus structure)

### /TL;DR

Copy-down is now 44% of its former volume. Buffers and preallocation volumes were retained at their original capacities as best as was manageable throughout this refactor to focus the comparison on the complexity costs incurred in the software as a result of careful design of the hardware. The same applies to feature-parity, but given the scope of the changes, this is difficult to quantify. Some call-chains were doubtless broken and culled by gcc, but a 10% reduction in program size is not unthinkable, considering the depth of the cuts.

It is also worth noting that SPI1 DMA is still limping owing to a known, but unaddressed inefficiency in the SPIBusAdapter, which was not intended to be run as a slaved peripheral. Consequently, speed tests of the new pipeline haven't been run yet. 

--------------

#### Major changes versus r0
* IMU classes no longer access the bus directly.
* Inertial data register reads are now consolidated into an atomic operation, and class members dealing with their sample rates reflect the merger. Scale and error remain independent.
* Because of the changes above, there was no longer a need to independently track sample time and manage bus operations for 17 independent bus actors. The ManuManager class will read frames in lock-step, thus eliminating all frame skew. 
* Half of all IRQ interrogration can now be managed by ManuManager, and the remaining half can be managed by the CPLDDriver directly. IRQs were indirected to the point of near-uselessness on r0.
* **IIU** classes subsumed into Integrator. Still untested. This was the most serious loss of features.
* IMU classes flattened to remove abstractions that were obsoleted by r1's much improved CPLD.
* Memory re-org in ManuManager/IMU classes to allow simplified bus topology to translate into memory savings. 
* DMA memory for IMUs is now contained in a single compilation unit.
* CPLD ranked-access is validated and coded for.
* SensorFrame class created to be the container for framed data as it traverses the Integrator.
* The Integrator is abstracted away from any hardware knowledge.

--------------

#### Side-issues
* LegendManager was renamed to ManuManager, which makes much more sense.
* Burden of IMU register definition was migrated from RAM to Flash.
* Doc corrections and updates.
* ESP32 stubs.

--------------

#### Losses of abstraction
* The complete removal of the *IIU* class means that ManuManager now must be hard-coded against a specific sensor.
* The flattening of LSM9DS1 means that there is no longer the capability of separating the relationship between software instances of sensors and copper lines on the PCB. This was mostly wiggle-room I gave myself in r0 while the original CPLD was being developed.


--------------

#### Remaining tasks
* Debug and console functions are utter garbage. They need a full re-work and audit following the massive collapse of complexity that just happened.
* For the same reasons, there is almost certainly remaining crufty code and commentary.
* Need to ultimately digest LSM9DS1 class completely into ManuManager, and flatten RegPtrMap into whatever remains. LSM9DS1 should strive to become a container class.
* Still not sure if the ManuManager class should _really_ be a hardware driver, and host the integrator, and curate the integrator's output-end. Feels like it's doing too much, but no clear fault lines have develpoed yet. They will, eventually.


